---
layout: project
permalink: /:title/
category: projects

meta:
  keywords: ""

project:
  title: "Continuous Integration System"
  type: "Automated system to test repository commits"
  url: ""
  logo: "/assets/images/projects/aquapineapple/computer.jpg"
  tech: "C#, .NET Framework"

agency:
  title: "Aqua Pineapple Co"
  url: "https://github.com/arnolds/pineapple"
  year: "2018"

images:
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/aquapineapple/cis2.jpg"
    alt: "Continuous Integration System"
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/aquapineapple/server.png"
    alt: "Big Server"   
---
<p style="padding: 0 0 2rem;">My supervisor at IPG has an ongoing project that I am lucky to be a part of. We are developing a proprietary continuous integration system for the company's SVN repository. Apart from building each solution, the system installs and runs each new commit of a software, tests it using a laser controller if necessary, and notifies the developers responsible for any errors by email. The program acts as a safety net for all of the developers, saving us time on testing before a release.</p>
<h2>My Part</h2>
<p style="padding: 0 0 2rem;">I have been working on adding tests to the library that I've been responsible for maintaining and updating over the course of my internship as well as creating tests for the TCP command feature of our flagship software. Since testing each program requires a different approach, automated tests have to be coded independently for each software. The library tests execute every shape generation function and output each graphic with various properties using the laser to verify that all of the output functions work as expected. The TCP tests send TCP commands to the software and verify that the return messages match the expected returns. It is important to make sure all of the return statements match perfectly because our customers use the TCP feature to automate their own processes and we need to ensure that our TCP commands and their returns never change.</p>
